You said you weren't going
to kill anyone besides
God candidates.
I'm telling you,
that naive nature of
yours is so irritating.
Lies don't mean anything
when you're trying to kill
each other, you idiot.
Red, I've decided you'll
be her first guinea pig.
Land on that Ferris wheel
and stow your wings.
This isn't an idle threat.
If you refuse to
be her guinea pig,
we'll release this virus.
[Fuyuko giggles]
So the deal is,
either the four of us die here
or millions of other
people will die instead?
Hold it. I'll go
first instead of...
No, you wait here.
Who's the one I least
want to live the longest?
Who seems least likely to flee?
And who will receive
the guinea pig's wings
and arrows after their death?
When you consider
these three questions,
the order in which to infect
you becomes much more clear.
It was stupid of you
to shoot each other
with red arrows
right in front of me.
In the end, I'll be taking
all of your arrows and wings.
[upbeat music]
[Fuyuko giggles]
[opening theme music]
Mirai.
How can I take control
of this situation?
I could fly up and
shoot that crazy woman.
But if she dies, the
virus will be released.
I don't have any options.
Wait, Mr. Mukaido.
It's too dangerous.
Don't even think about it
or I'll press this switch.
Hajime and the dying man,
throw away your weapons.
[man sighing]
I can't think of
any way to stop her.
Hurry it up.
[both giggling]
Now come forward,
one step at a time.
[upbeat music]
They're going to
release that virus
and thousands of
people will die.
What should I do?
Nooo. Don't go Mirai.
Please don't go.
That Red Arrow's to effective.
Somebody shut her up.
Come on, Ms. Cat-Ears.
I won't be able to
bear it if you die.
He, he's making a
bad choice here.
It's foolish to
sacrifice your own life,
especially not for tens
of thousands of strangers.
I mean that makes
sense to you, right?
You, should only risk your
life for the person you love.
But we can't let tens
of thousands die either.
What? Then what should we do?
I... I don't know.
But no matter what, I
don't want Red to die.
[Saki sobbing]
Thank you.
But if I hadn't shot
you with a red arrow,
you'd understand that this
is the right thing to do.
If she hadn't been
shot with a red arrow,
she wouldn't be
nearly this upset.
The arrow has nothing
to do with it.
Mirai's my friend.
There's no guarantee that
she's going to kill me.
Mirai.
Damn it. There's got to
be a way out of this.
Think, think.
I don't understand
what Hajime was saying.
Should I be
prioritizing my own life
over the lives of strangers,
no matter how many there are?
That can't be right,
not if that sacrifice will
save countless others.
Nobody can be happy
once they're dead.
I shouldn't be thinking
about that right now.
I need to focus on
saving everyone's life
and not letting anyone die.
I won't give up on that goal
until the very last moment.
That's a good boy. Just
another two meters.
If she dies, it'll
release the virus.
We can't kill her. We can't let
her press the switch either.
How the hell can
we shut her down?
He's going to be
killed, I know it.
I should flee with Ms. Cat Ears.
Just one more meter.
Mirai, I can't believe this.
Stop. That's perfect.
Don't get squirrely
and fly off now.
Nooo.
[Fuyuko chuckles]
Mirai.
This is gonna be great. I
can't wait to watch him melt.
If he fights back, I'll
just press the switch.
Everybody, we gotta
get outta here.
Press it.
[suspenseful music]
He attacked the virus
with a white arrow.
The viral ball changed color.
--I think it's dead.
--That's right.
Since it's made from cells
harvested from humans,
it can most certainly perish.
And because the arrow passed
through the container,
the virus never had
the chance to get out.
He used his white arrow
to destroy the virus.
I never would've
thought of that.
Mirai, your
determination to live,
actually your determination
to not let anyone else die
has turned out to make you
a real fighter after all.
Mirai.
The virus is dead. Finish her.
[glasses shattering]
Does he expect me to shoot
her with a white arrow?
You can't miss while
you've got her by the arm.
Guys, we have to trust that
Red has the resolve to do this.
[suspenseful music]
Mirai has to kill her?
I don't think he's prepared to.
I'm sorry, Mirai.
I said I wouldn't force
you to fire a white arrow,
but you're the only
one who can right now.
Whatever you do, don't
let go of her arm.
I'm sure she's got more of
that virus hidden somewhere,
and if you give her the
chance, she'll activate it.
The only way to
eliminate the threat
is to kill her right now.
[Mukaido coughing]
Is he right Fuyuko?
Do you have more?
--[Fuyuko chuckles]
--Of course.
This is going swimmingly.
As I recall, Fuyuko,
you're a researcher for a
pharmaceutical company, right?
Yeah, I go to work, conduct
research and come home.
I lead a totally ordinary life.
If I didn't work with
drugs and viruses,
I'd probably be a happy
suburban housewife
like with kids and whatever.
Happiness.
Damn it. Don't be fooled, Mirai.
She's a terrorist.
We have to stop her before she
does something catastrophic,
I'm begging you fire
that white arrow.
If I don't kill her,
people will die,
but I can't take a life.
--What should I do?
--[upbeat music]
Everyone is born with the
goal of finding happiness.
And then after that,
everyone lives with the aim
of attaining even
greater happiness.
[Mirai breathing heavily]
Mirai, tell me.
What is the worst thing
you think a person can do?
Mm, that's a hard one. Murder?
Killing people is always wrong,
but the happiness of
tens of thousands,
maybe millions
will be taken away
if I don't kill this
person in front of me,
Everyone's happiness.
Mr. Mukaido, Saki,
even my happiness.
That must count for something.
How do I balance
all of this out?
Red seems paralyzed.
I know him. He's
fighting with himself.
Interesting. Fighting
with himself?
After everything that guy said,
the one shot you
with the red arrow,
why haven't you moved yet?
Why haven't you?
I'm just waiting for a
signal from the boss.
Is that all?
Damn it. I can't
last much longer.
--[Mukaido thuds]
--Mr. Mukaido.
Is he dead?
Oh please.
Anyone with wings can
easily dodge that,
you said so yourself.
But if I aim it at you,
you'll be forced to
pay attention to me
that alone will
have some effect.
--[Kanade chuckles]
--Are you sure about that?
Did I fool him?
I don't even have the
strength to pull the trigger.
Come on, Mirai.
Finish her off.
Do it before she could
threaten anyone else.
Let me watch her and
Metropoliman die.
You've admitted what
we both know, Mukaido.
Even though he's literally
got the upper hand,
your boy is stuck in
place and he can't move.
Red hasn't yet worked up
the resolve to kill Fuyuko.
And it looks to me
like he never will.
He's loaded his white arrow.
What can he do
from that distance?
He's combined it
because red arrow,
which allows him to reach Red.
Why hasn't he fired it already?
What will you do now, Red?
What's up. You get
ready to kill me?
Not at all. I'm doing
this to deflect the shot.
--Just shoot her.
--Shut up.
By the way, are you familiar
with the law of inertia?
Shoot her.
As long as you're
holding onto her,
even if one of you
tries to fly away,
it'll still be one against one.
It doesn't matter
if you don't get it.
The signal.
[upbeat music]
--Crap.
--Mirai.
Now melt.
From the moment he
grabbed her wrist,
it became a standoff
between her syringes
and his white arrow.
But he's got a problem.
He can't shoot her with an arrow
and he can't let go of her arm.
Which means when Fuyuko
fires her syringes,
he'll be forced to use his
free hand to block them.
She has three syringes.
He can't possibly block them
all with just his right hand.
So if I distract him and
limit his hand movements,
it becomes all the more certain
that one of the
needles will hit home.
The arrow will hit first.
Nooo.
Ms. Cat Ears.
No way, I won't let you die.
--Saki.
--[suspenseful music]
The white arrow.
The arrow I shot at you is
meant for you and only you.
It's coming back towards me.
It's no use. I can't
block them all in time.
If I let go of Fuyuko's hand,
I can get Saki to safety.
But if I hold on, she's
going to get hit and die.
Hajime.
--One more, I can do it.
--[suspenseful music]
Wow, he's turning to goop.
Huh.
What the...?
You can't be serious.
[soft music]
M-Ms. Cat Ears.
Are you all right?
I'm glad I was
able to be useful.
It was an honor to
save Ms. Cat Ears.
Up until today, I
lived in poverty.
I was hideous and miserable.
But I'm thankful I
met you, Ms. Cat Ears.
Because now, at this
moment, I am happy.
I am the one who should be
thanking you for protecting me.
Now I can finally say,
I'm glad I was born.
[soft music]
[Saki sobbing]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[soft music]
Here you go. Ms. Yellow.
And don't forget this as well.
[soft music]
Well, that was amusing.
Look at this parade
of red arrowed idiots,
sacrificing themselves
to protect others.
I am particularly
grateful that Hajime died.
I think Hajime's found solace.
He may not have
achieved his goals,
but he died in a manner
that made him happy.
In that case, we
should be thinking Red.
Hajime died because he couldn't
make the final decision
to kill Fuyuko.
--[suspenseful music]
--It's true.
If I'd killed Fuyuko, Hajime
would still be with us.
The sad fact is, the man
died protecting Yellow.
Think about it, Red.
How does that make you feel?
In the end you're the
one who killed the guy.
That's not true.
None of us wanted
to kill each other.
You're the only one who
wants that, Metropoliman.
You're the one who's
out here killing people.
Don't listen to
him, Red and Yellow.
Don't blame yourselves.
I-I think you're all wrong.
It's not about who's to blame.
And to say Hajime died in a
manner that made him happy?
I think you're wrong
about that too.
I'm sad that Hajime died.
Actually, it doesn't
matter who it is.
I'm sad when anyone dies,
We need to hold on to life
that's why it's so wrong
to cause someone's death.
[dramatic music]
Your idealism is really
creeping me out, Red.
Hey, I'm intrigued by all this.
Maybe I'll just stick around
and see how it plays out.
You just do what
you want, don't you?
It's not like I'm on a
schedule or anything.
You know what? I'm sad, too.
How about you, Metropoliman?
Fuyuko and Hajime
were your allies.
They weren't my allies.
They were just two useful
idiots who died, that's all.
I'm especially relieved
that Hajime is dead.
I really don't like
guys like him you know.
Guys who are stuck
leading shitty lives,
no matter how hard
they struggle.
Creatures who crawl
around in filth,
hiding in the dark corners.
They're the lowest
of low, really.
--Like cockroaches.
--[all gasping]
Aren't they all really the same?
Anyone would want to kill them.
Don't tell me,
you're a guy who doesn't
even kill cockroaches.
I don't kill indiscriminately.
A soldier who can't even kill
insects when he's at war.
You must cause trouble
for those around you.
You've got it backwards.
Backwards?
We're wasting time, Red.
This guy's never gonna change,
no matter how hard
you try to reach him.
Don't you get that?
--He's just...
--[Mukaido groaning]
Mr. Mukaido.
--We're going to a hospital.
--No, please...
Let me watch him die first.
[suspenseful music]
Take care of Green. He
can't fly on his own.
[suspenseful music]
Metropoliman, you already
said you'd fight last,
since you're such a coward.
So, our next opponent
is the kid behind you.
You're gonna make Red, who
won't even kill insects,
fight that unarmed
boy to the death.
Sounds like something
you would come up with.
[soft music]
That's a rather harsh
way of putting it.
--He's right though.
--Hm.
He's the kind of
person who'd smile
while making a child
like me fight that guy.
And he'll just stay
there watching,
whether I win, lose, or
die, or get crippled,
just like he did
with those other two.
Hm.
Well, I'm not gonna do it.
I don't wanna fight.
And I don't wanna
die. I'm scared.
Hey.
I'm getting outta
here right now.
I'm not gonna let
you kill me. Mommy.
--You can't be serious.
--[soft music]
They're all so useless.
I enlist a surgically
enhanced bottom feeder
and then a military
obsessed meathead.
Add to that an insane
junkie and a cowardly brat.
Now I'm being called
out by an old man
who can't fly and a she-cat
helper with no claws.
Looks like I'll be facing off
the wannabe saint one-on-one.
--Let's fight.
--Huh?
Well finally.
Don't get ahead of
yourself, mister.
You won't use your white arrow,
so you can't even
kill a cockroach.
Like I said before,
you've got it backwards.
You seem to think
you're exceptional
and much more dignified
than a common cockroach.
But cockroaches
don't kill people.
And that makes you
lower than a cockroach.
[Nasse giggles]
Interesting justification.
You're saying you can kill me
because I'm lower
than a cockroach?
Wrong. I have no
intention of killing you.
Then I don't understand
anything about you.
I've been thinking about
the best way to do this.
Ooh?
First, I'll shoot
you with a red arrow.
Then I'll blindfold you,
put you in prison, reveal
everything to the public
and let the justice
system deal with you.
I feel sorry for you,
but it's the only way.
--[Kanade laughs]
--[soft music]
Oh, really?
That's the best you can
come up with? Then what?
Are you going to explain
the angels' existence
to everyone?
How we control people
with red arrows
and kill them with white ones?
It's ridiculous.
The law can't possibly deal
with such a fantastical concept.
How can you be so thick-headed?
Using a white arrow is quicker
and less complicated
than your plan.
All you have to do
is aim it and fire.
[Mirai] I'm not gonna kill you.
What?
My approach will preserve
my own happiness.
The truth is, if any decent
person killed someone,
their guilty conscience
would torment them
until the day they died.
In the end, they'd lose that
ability to find happiness.
I won't allow my happiness
to be taken from me
because I was
pressured into killing
something lower
than a cockroach.
[Nasse laughs]
Lower than a cockroach.
I also realized that as
long as you're alive,
you're a threat not
just to my happiness,
but to the happiness
of all humanity.
I thought there were
just two choices.
Either sacrifice my own
life for thousands of others
or dirty my hands
by killing you.
But now I realized
there's a third option
for the sake of
my own happiness.
I'll shoot you with a red arrow.
Okay, fine.
It'll be your red
arrow against my white.
We'll keep on fighting until
one of us hits the other.
Guys like you who
rely on emotion
and intensity to fight
are the first ones to die.
It's the analytically prudent
and well-prepared who
survive to the end.
Do you remember what I told you?
As I promised.
Once I've killed you, I'll
be taking that suit too.
[closing theme music]